Docs 7997 ServiceNow 6.6.0 reference (#748)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/servicenow/servicenow-connector-xml-maven.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If you manually code a Mule app in XML either from the Anypoint Studio XML editor or from a text editor, you can access the ServiceNow Connector in your app. Do this by adding reference statements to your XML Mule flow, and in the Apache Maven pom.xml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manually code a Mule app in XML (either from the Anypoint Studio XML editor or from a text editor), you can access ServiceNow Connector in your app by adding reference statements both to your XML Mule flow and in the Apache Maven `pom.xml` file.
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<mule xmlns:http="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http" 
	xmlns:servicenow="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/servicenow"
	xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
	xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation" 
	xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 

> 	xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
```

	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/servicenow 
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/servicenow/current/mule-servicenow.xsd
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http 

> 	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd>
```
...or was this one long quotation beginning at Line 32?

Author: Yes, it is.  But sharp eye and thanks for looking out for stuff like that!

</mule>
----

== Add a POM File Dependency

The `pom.xml` Apache Maven file generated by Anypoint Studio contains dependencies for a Mule app. When you code a Mule app manually, include this XML snippet in your POM file to enable access to this connector:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.mulesoft.connectors</groupId>
  <artifactId>mule-servicenow-connector</artifactId>
  <version>x.x.x</version>
  <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
</dependency>
----

> Ensure the connector `<version>` corresponds to the one you are using. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the connector `<version>` corresponds to the one you are using. 
```
